1.Warm up
2.Why student opted for the class?
3.Computer program? -factory -input ,output
4.Technology company- google,facebook,amazon
5.Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook), Bill Gates (Microsoft) 
6.Do you know what you need to make a computer program?
7.Any computer program is set of instructions issued to a computer - telling it what to do.
8.Waterbottle demo
9.Diff human languages,diff computer languages
10.Javascript :Todays time most popular language.
11.We will learn how to program
through designing games. Games
offer us a lot of interesting and
complex problems to solve as a
programmer. Whatever we learn
about programming through
designing games can be applied in
other areas as well - like robotics,
designing apps etc.
12.Discuss all games
13.Design pong game.Discuss all objects.
14.Scope ,Code,execute.
15.Wrap up.
16.Call parents to join, introduce
yourself and celebrate the kid's
accomplishment in front of the parents.
17.You’re really bright and I hope you
join the full course where you’ll create
a full entrepreneur ready app which
thousands across the world may
download.
Let me give you a quick summary of
what we will be learning in the course.
Our course follows a Project based
learning philosophy where kids apply
the concepts they learn to build Apps
throughout the course. Creating apps
makes their learning practical instead
of theoretical.
Our course is structured into 3
modules:

Game Developer Certification: In
the 1st module of 8 classes, your kid
will become a certified Game
Developer. Kids build games using
core coding logic concepts like
sequences, commands, and loops.
This dramatically improves their logic
and concentration.

App Development Certification:
After the 2nd module of 48 classes,
your kid will become among the
youngest in the world to be a certified
Android and iOS App Developer. Kids
learn User Interface and User
Experience design to create powerful
front-end app design. Every kid builds
a professional iOS App Store &
Android Playstore ready app after this
module. I will be showcasing some of
the very best Apps which kids have
created in as little as 40 hours of
learning to code on our platform.

AI + Space Technology: In the 3rd
module, your kid will be amongst the
1st in the world to learn advanced
data modelling, data science and
Machine Learning to find answers to
some of the biggest questions we
have in our universe such as which
planets can potentially be our next
home! Kids reach the peak of their
creative imagination as they apply
coding to frontier technologies like
Space Technology and would be
solving complex problems involved in
business, medicine and economy
using data.
Data is the key to finding answers to
the majority of the questions and your
kid will not only acquire the skills a
data scientist needs, but also the
mindset and approach required to ask
excellent questions from the data and
then find answers to them. Top kids in
the course who do their best in
classes and projects get a chance to
visit Silicon Valley where they meet
top Google scientists and
entrepreneurs.

During these modules your kid also
learns contemporary frontend
programming languages like HTML,
CSS, Javascript as well as backend
programming languages like Python.

18.Academic counsellor.
19.My schedule is full. 


